[DOCS] Rules search and filtering: index pattern, MITRE ATT&CK (#1843)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/rules-ui-manage.asciidoc

* <<import-export-rules-ui>>
* <<troubleshoot-signals>>

[float]
[[sort-filter-rules]]
=== Sort and filter the rules list

To sort the rules list, click the *Rule*, *Last updated*, or *Enabled* column header.

> TIP: To sort by any other column, switch on the *Technical preview* toggle above the table. This experimental table view allows advanced sorting capabilities. If you experience performance issues when working with the table, you can turn this setting off.

Reviewer: Per UX guidelines, [here](https://wiki.elastic.co/pages/viewpage.action?pageId=105914797). 
```suggestion
TIP: To sort by any other column, turn on the *Technical preview* toggle above the table. This experimental table view allows advanced sorting capabilities. If you experience performance issues when working with the table, you can turn this setting off.
```

To filter the rules list, enter a search term in the search bar and press **Return**:

* Rule name — Enter a word or phrase from a rule's name.
* Index pattern — Enter an index pattern (such as `filebeat-*`) to display all rules using that index pattern. 
* MITRE ATT&CK tactic or technique — Enter a MITRE ATT&CK tactic name (such as `Defense Evasion`) or technique number (such as `TA0005`) to display all associated rules.

> NOTE: Index patterns and MITRE ATT&CK tactics and techniques must be an exact match, are case sensitive, and wildcards are _not_ supported. For example, the index pattern `filebeat-*` is valid, but `filebeat*` is not. Likewise, the MITRE ATT&CK tactic `Defense Evasion` is valid, but `Defense`, `defense evasion`, and `Defense *` are not.

Author: No noob, your reaction is valid — a little more explanation might help. Also slight tweak to your suggestion to keep the list consistently plural:
```suggestion
NOTE: Searches for index patterns and MITRE ATT&CK tactics and techniques must match exactly, are case sensitive, and do _not_ support wildcards. For example, the search term `filebeat-*` is valid, but `filebeat` and `file*` are not because they don't exactly match the index pattern. Likewise, the MITRE ATT&CK tactic `Defense Evasion` is valid, but `Defense`, `defense evasion`, and `Defense *` are not.
```

> NOTE: Searches for index patterns and MITRE ATT&CK tactics and techniques must match exactly, are case sensitive, and do _not_ support wildcards. For example, to find rules using the `filebeat-*` index pattern, the search term `filebeat-*` is valid, but `filebeat` and `file*` are not because they don't exactly match the index pattern. Likewise, the MITRE ATT&CK tactic `Defense Evasion` is valid, but `Defense`, `defense evasion`, and `Defense *` are not.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: Searches for index patterns and MITRE ATT&CK tactics and techniques must match exactly, are case sensitive, and do _not_ support wildcards. For example, to find rules using the `filebeat-*` index pattern, the search term `filebeat-*` is valid, but `filebeat` and `file*` are not because they don't exactly match the index pattern. Likewise, the MITRE ATT&CK tactic `Defense Evasion` is valid, but `Defense`, `defense evasion`, and `Defense*` are not.
```
